fix(pie-docs): DSW-2222 add toast provider docs (#2104)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/components/toast/overview/overview.md

  tableData: priorityQueue
} %}

> {% notification {
>   type: "information",
>   message: "The priority queue is managed by the [Toast Provider](/components/toast/toast-provider/code/) in engineering."
> } %}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% notification {
  type: "information",
  message: "The priority queue is managed by the [Toast Provider](/components/toast/toast-provider/code/) component that's currently in development."
} %}

```

Just my POV, but I think this reads a bit nicer 👍🏼

Author: the message is consistent across all pages to indicate a component is an engineering-only component and the status of the component.

Reviewer 2: I like Ben's phrasing better too. I don't actually know what the original sentence is trying to say.  What do we mean by "in engineering"?

Author: It means if an engineer would like to use the priority order, then they should refer to the provider component.
  
Does “that’s currently in development” mean the component is in active development or the component exists in engineering/code/development?

Reviewer 2: In that case I would probably just remove the words "in engineering", I still don't really know what they're adding and I would be confused reading that sentence in the docs.

Or maybe just "The priority queue is managed by the Toast Provider component."

Author: updated

Reviewer: In that case, perhaps something like this?

```suggestion
{% notification {
  type: "information",
  message: "Refer to the [Toast Provider](/components/toast/toast-provider/code/) documentation for guidance on how to manage the queue priority."
} %}

```

Author: done
